<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="legal_00_01">
	<title>How to use this guide</title>
	<shortdesc>We want you to enjoy your vehicle to the fullest.</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<p>We strongly recommend that you read this thoroughly. To minimize the chance of death or
			injury, we urge you to read the DANGER, WARNING and CAUTION sections.</p>
		<p>The table of contents provides an overview of how this information is organized. Use the index
			to find specific topics or subjects. It provides an alphabetical listing of all
			information. Safety precautions and operating procedures are identified as DANGER,
			WARNING, CUATION, NOTICE, and TIP. These safety messages were prepared to enhance your
			personal safety. </p>
		<p>You should carefully read and follow All safety messages, procedures, and recommendations
			provided.</p>
		<note type="danger">
			<p>A DANGER indicates a hazardous situation which, if not avoided, will result in death
				or serious injury.</p>
		</note>
		<note type="warning">
			<p>A WARNING indicates a hazardous situation which, if not avoided, may result in death
				or serious injury.</p>
		</note>
		<note type="caution">
			<p>A CAUTION indicates a hazardous situation which, if not avoided, could result in
				minor or moderate injury.</p>
		</note>
		<note type="note">
			<p>A NOTICE indicates a hazardous situation which, if not avoided, could result in
				vehicle damage.</p>
		</note>
		<note type="tip">
			<p>A TIP indicates a vehicle term or information display that requires additional
				explanation.</p>
		</note>
	</conbody>
	<related-links>
		<linkpool>
			<link format="dita" href="legal_00.dita#legal_00" role="parent" scope="local"
				type="concept">
				<linktext>Foreword</linktext>
			</link>
		</linkpool>
	</related-links>
</concept>